1. Introduction
	CHDK, the Canon Hacker Development Kit, is 3rd party tool that grants finer control over settings in Canon cameras.
	CHDKPTP, CHDK Picture Tranfser Protocol, is an extension to CHDK that allows for operation between a host device and
	the Canon camera over a USB cable.

	CHDKPTP allows for remote shooting, script upload and excecution, image download, and other features on a CHDK camera.

2. Installation:
	Precompiled binaries are at: https://app.assembla.com/spaces/chdkptp/documents
	The Linux version comes in a zip folder called, chdkptp-r921-Linux-x86_64.zip, and contains all necessary files.
	Place the extracted files somewhere
	The excecutable is chdkptp and is invoked using shell script chdkptp.sh
	chdkptp.sh has a variable that needs to be set to the path of the extracted chdkptp folder, usually named chdkptp-r921
	chdkptp.sh may need elevation in permission via chmod

	Ignore chdkptp_gui.sh and chdkptp_gui, these run the GUI application for CHDKPTP

3. Usage:
	The gvfs-gphoto2-volume-monitor monitor MUST be killed or CHDKPTP will be unable to claim the camera and the usb connection
	The automount features of Ubuntu must be changed to never automount and never automount-open
	dfconf Editor is a GUI application that simplifies this process

	When the CLI appears in the terminal, use connect, or c, to connect, a few message may appear
		c
		connected: Canon (camera model), max packet size (number),	connection established, can now use other commands
		open_camera_dev_usb: ptp_opensession faled 0x2ff,		PTP connection failed?
		Error: Connection Failed,					Is bad
		Error: No matching devices found,				CHDKPTP can't find a camera
	Use rec to switch the camera into shooting mode, a few messages may appear
		rec
		Error: already in rec, 		this can be ignored
		Error: switch failed,		there is a communication problem
		Error: connection failed,	something else may have claimed the camera
	Then, use shoot, to have the camera take a picture and save it to its SD card.
	Or, use remoteshoot, rs, to have the camera take a picture and save it to the host.
		rs /home/user_name/file_name,	takes image and saves to specified folder
	Use disconnect, dis, to terminate communications
		dis
	Use quit, q, to leave CHDKPTP
		q
	Use help to view all options in the CHDKPTP CLI

4. Troubleshooting:
	Error: No matching devices found,	Check the USB connection and if the camera is on, may need a power cycle
	Error: switch failed,			Kill gvfs and change automount settings
	Error: connection failed,		Kill gvfs and change automount settings
	Not shooting when shoot or rs is used,	Use commands c then rec to connect and swap to recording mode